layout: post
title: python4science

Organizational Meeting
======================

 * Wednesday September 18, 2013 5-7pm
 * D-lab (Barrows Hall 3rd Floor across form elevator)
 * open to everyone

The main purpose of the first meeting is to set up the structure for the rest of the year.
We have four people facilitating this meeting:

 * Dav Clark
 * Jess Hamrick
 * Paul Ivanov
 * Cindee Madison

But we are hoping to have input from everyone. 
The main goal of this meeting is to provide an environment for collaboration.
This is not a meant to be a **training series**, instead we hope to discuss a wide range of ever changing topics:

For example:

 * source control
 * scipy or numpy advanced nugget
 * virtual env
 * integrating testing 
 * package specific nuggets (eg Pandas, NetworkX, Ipython)


Example Meeting Agenda
----------------------

(example of a meeting)

 * newbie nuggets: @ 20 minutes on a topic of interest to new coders
 * lightning talks: (1-4) advanced topics 
 * working groups (built off lightning talks to go more into detail on a topic)
 * random access: bring your issues and questions, this is the time we help each other
 * core dump: meet for beers to continue conversations


This first week we need input from you:

 * topics to cover
 * what do you think of the meeting layout
 * what do you want to see
 * how we will disseminate information (mailing list, blog, wiki, newsletter)
 * engaging the community
 * industry night (May?)


