---
layout: pypost
title:  "Meeting Notes 2013-09-18"
date:   2013-09-18
author: Jess Hamrick
---

This was the first meeting of py4science, and was primarily
organizational.

## Attendance

12 attendees, with an experience breakdown of:

* Experienced: 6
* New: 3
* Intermediate: 3

People came from a variety of different departments and organizations
as well:

* Helen Wills
* Redwood Center
* Neuroscience
* Psychology
* Nuclear engineering
* IPython
* Astronomy
* I School

## Meeting topics

### Newbie nuggets

* Each meeting will start with approximately 20 minutes for a "newbie
  nugget", which is a brief overview of some introductory topic.

* Newbie nuggets should be written up in IPython notebooks, so they
  can be archived and referred to

* Cindee went through two example nuggets on the glob library and list
  comprehensions

### Related groups/events

* Working groups
  1. Python for data analysis on Fridays 12-2pm, in D-Lab (Bob Bell)
  2. Text analysis on Fridays 2-4pm in D-Lab

* There will probably be more Python Fundamentals courses

### Advanced topics for lightning talks

What do people want to hear about?

* Test-driven development (resources, getting into the habit
  of test-driven development)
* Using virtual environments
* Parallel computing (theano, and just parallelization in general)
* Pandas workflow
* IPython: new and upcoming features, tips and tricks
* How to work on the bleeding edge of an environment
* Maintaining packages
* pytables
* Writing documentation
* Cython
* Python 3
* Development tools: editors, version control, pylint, etc.
* scikits (especially scikit-learn)
* statsmodels
* RPy
* Javascript, D3
* Pyglet
* Starcluster (for managing amazon ec2 clusters)
* networkx
* Package managment (pip, easy_install, anaconda, enthought, wheels,
  etc...)
* Panda3D

### Publicity

How do we get the word out about this meeting to people?  What is the
best way to have a collaborative sharing environment?

* py4science mailing list (please forward to other lists, too!)
* google calendar that sits on the website, can be imported (this has
  now been created and can be found
  [here](https://www.google.com/calendar/embed?src=moeh9ilpdjicogfaav9jtplh28%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America/Los_Angeles)
* py4science list name is not on the website, there should be a link
  that takes you to the page to add yourself. We should also include
  this in the emails.
* py4science twitter feed?
* we should put the exact room number on the invitation emails/website

### Misc

* Open to more people besides Berkeley, e.g. industry
* If we want pizza, we can set up a collection and ask different
  people to bring food each meeting. D-Lab will reimburse for small
  amounts of food.
* Information about the old py4science can be found
  [here](https://github.com/ipython/ipython/wiki/Trash:+Py4science)

## Future meetings

* Meetings are every other week, may change to every week if there's
  enough content

* Next meeting is in two weeks 10/02/2013
  * Cindee will do the newbie nugget
  * Lightning talks on advanced topics (~20 minutes each)
	* Python 3 (Thomas)
	* New stuff in IPython (Min)

* The following meeting: editor extravaganza!
